lmao nerd
well THAT just happened
THE ZOMBIES ATE YOUR BRAINS!
get fucked idiot
John's light doth not shine upon you.
Today, Chaos frowns upon you.
A for effort?
that one was totally not your fault
With this character's death, the thread of prophecy is severed. Restore a saved game to restore the weave of fate, or persist in the doomed world you have created.
you can't get your items back this time John ate them
hehe
Dear Diary, today I died. I was killed by this thing -> (John) in some meaty place. I leave all that I own to my dog Dingus. Goodbye cruel world. XOXO
May the Baby Johns feast upon your remains.
should've believed in yourself harder
90% of Gallows Humor players quit right before they meet Ao Oni
go, be with Big Hongo
i'm going to go play GregTech instead
Peyton says you suck
C+, not your best effort
F, SEE ME
How will this affect LeBron's legacy?
You have... died. Do you feel it? Do you feel that tingling sensation? That is how it feels to have your soul separate from your body. Do you wish to return to your physical form and continue?
aw man
you didn't say UNO
My friend, you have met a terrible, terrible demise. But, uh, y'know, I-I don't feel too bad about it. After all, if... if it weren't from me, it would've just been from someone else, y'know? I guess what I'm trying to say is, life... life goes on. W-well, from—for everyone else, life goes on. Not... not for you. You're... you're dead. But that's neither here nor there. It reminds me of one summer day in the park. I was having just a delightful picnic with my good friend John. And I said to him, I said, "John, I... I have a story." And he said to me, "What's the significance of the story?" And... I said to him, "John, not every story has to have significance, y'know? Sometimes, a... y'know, sometimes, a story's just a story. You try to read into every little thing, and find meaning in everything anyone says, you'll just drive yourself crazy. Had a friend do it once. Wasn't pretty. We talked about it for years. And then not only that, but... you'll likely end up believing something you shouldn't believe, thinking something you shouldn't think, o-o-or assuming something you shouldn't assume. Y'know? Sometimes," I said, "A story is-is just a story, so just be quiet for one second of your life and eat your Rat Burger, okay?" Of course, it was only then I'd realized I'd made Rat Burgers, and... poor John was having such difficulty eating it! Johns have those clumsy hands, y'know? Actually, I-I suppose that's the problem. They don't have hands at all, do they? They're n—they're all nubs! And I-I couldn't imagine someone asking me to eat a Rat Burger with my stupid nub hands. Now, if I recall correctly, there was a Gnumus Settlement nearby. I said to him, "John, let me go get you some Gnumus Chickpeas." Now, I'm unsure if Baby Johns enjoy Gnumus Chickpeas, but I assure you that John does. Now, this was on a Blood Moon, which was good, because Gnumus Chickpeas were always unguarded on Blood Moons. They made Overripe Carrots on Blue Moons, and threw them out in the morning... Or rather, they sold it at a discount for people wanting to feed it to the Chocobos, and then, prob'ly at the end of the day, finally, they threw it all out. I-I don't recall. I do remember a Vampire Hunter who would bring his son to the Gnumus Settlement every Blue Moon, and... then go feed the Chocobos. He would buy all of the Overripe Carrots. Of course, y'know, you're not supposed to feed the Chocobos Overripe Carrots at all. It swells up in their stomach, and then they all die. At, uh, at least... at least, that's what I've heard. Y'know, I-I never saw any Chocobos die myself, but I did notice a substantial decrease in the Chocobo population over the course of a few years. I just never thought to stop the man and tell him that he was killing the Chocobos by feeding them Overripe Carrots! And if you want my opinion on the matter—heh, and I told John this as well—if you wanna feed Chocobos, or mobs of any kind, for that matter, it's best to buy Gysahl Greens. I mean, when you think about it, Carrots of the Overripe variety don't occur in nature. They don't grow on trees o-or spring up from the bushes. I don't think Chocobos know what to do with Overripe Carrots. What was I saying? Oh oh, yes yes. So I bought John some Gnumus Chickpeas. What a fine day it was.
https://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Scout_responses
adding you to the reddit heaven image as we speak
HOLY FUCKI NG SHIT
you got the momma jeans
you got the dud
hear its cry
keep inventory is off btw
again?
THIS IS GALLOWS HUMOR BITCH!!! we clown in this muthafucka betta take yo sensitive ass back to Hexxit
[!] if this message appears whoever died has to go to their kitchen and make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and eat it
look at you
this modpack is not free it doesn't cost money but you pay in other ways
Uh-oh! You friccin moron. You just got JOHNED!!! Kill your friends to totally JOHN them!
if you don't respond in ten seconds or less you have to give John head
you can feel it. her presence. Agnes is upon you.
go to bed
It's okay, everyone makes mistakes sometimes. Get back on out there, buster!
Hm, in my medical opinion YOU'RE DEAD!!!
you're not going to Valhalla dying like that
minecraft fell off so fucking hard like what the fuvk even is that
Start all over! You should be banned from every game.
beaned
Oh, my bad! You haven't grown at all. Let's do it!~
You know... I used to think you were cool.
Toughen up! Back in my day nights used to be 20 minutes long and you couldn't sleep, and we had Dusk installed, and we liked it!
ganked
That's Game! Looks like ure out to lunch...
owned
pwned
complain and i'll make nocubeyt port his 1.19.2 mods
YOU ARE HAVING FUN.
when the johnky hits
You have been jailed. Await your sentence at the end of time.
oh my
It's alright, you're still new to this, I think.
Again.
Johnstice has been served...
nooo don't die ah ha ha you're so sexy
[!TIP!] In this modpack, there is a low chance to respawn in Room 40 instead of your bed.
I used to think that this modpack was a tragedy, but now I realize it's a comedy.
you're a bad fighter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le4PgUIFGAM&ab_channel=UndertaleYellow
beware of the John inside your world
and then la creatura and a skinwalker took me to the backrooms
The Dweller can't think, it can only act.
Its shadow towered in the light, teeth larger than its head, sounds that weren't from this world. What a staggering sight.
The raccoon was only mad when we first met, after that it forgot we had met at all. Poor raccoon
The raccoon tried to save me. For it kept taking the pufferfish away. The pufferfish that poisoned me.
my hearts ache for you
Oh god, who is this guy? I tried shooting at him so he would go away, but my bow was gone. Now he's just staring at me through the iron bars above and
his true form lies above the inverted tower
your enemies will pay for violating the Johneva Convention
This is all Sourpuss's fault!
it has a bow??
get down and get low get with it uh
fuck my stupid baka life
Want a break from the Johns?
[!TIP!] You run faster while holding a Sword.
[!TIP!] it says gullible on the ceiling
mine craft
[!TIP!] You can craft a Totem of Undying out of Fiss Tin!
We are fucking under attack!
Never thought I'd see John with these kinda emotions. He's having a panic (anxiety?) attack and as much as it's painful to watch it's satisfying to, cause he feels so real. I just love that they added struggles on him. They didn't just show his sunshine side, it's so raw and emotional. I'll always love this clip and the one after.
CLIP THAT
It's literally just a strength potion you piece of shit. There's no blood or anything. What the fuck is wrong with you. How fucking desperate are you to seem cool that you decide you want to force a "joke" about John consuming vampire blood. Which would be funny except nothing in this scene implies that they're vampires or trying to become vampires. You just saw a red liquid and the two neurons in your head fired for the first time in a week, and you jumped into the chat to screech vAMPIRe and spam red emojis like a clown bastard. You people are the reason Minecraft is dying. Fuck you
RIP Sea Serpent you was a real one
It seems you've met a GRIM fate. Perhaps even a BLEAK one.
REMOVE TOYBOX
everyone is so mean 2 me
avocados from mexico
now scream
hee hee hee hah
Alt+Z'd in 4K
regretevator reference
Be sure to take a 15-minute break every hour.
Be sure to take an hour break every 15 minutes.
Alan wanted me to add 'do you even game bro'
Hhm  h ,hgbngb ghh
wow that looked like it hurt :(
OW FUCK!!!!!!!!
Arrrghhhh, iiiiiitthhh, arrgghhhh - He drinks enough to find a Vinery golden ticket (Willy Wonka)... Early Winter, Day 6. This is the 1st of 6 times a player falls over and hurts a body part.
AND YET. YOU KEEP CRAWLING BACK FOR MORE.
it's the dungeon for you
<BEHIND THAT DOOR IS ANOTHER WORLD>
[NO PLAYERS JOHNLINE]
100 HOURS OF PANTS-SHITTING MINECRAFT GAMEPLAY
so this is where Major John lives
THIS IS WHERE MY WORLD GOT... CORRUPTED BY BIOME MODS
still more fun than Better Than Adventure
you should brush up on your Movement Fundies
maybe that Gnumus just had better Fundies than you
SOMETHING HAPPENED
at least you're not listening to Bud Like You
haha ow hahaha ow
don't worry that mod will be removed in the next patch anyways
hornlin and the super john friends
AND WHEN THE SKY OPENED UP. OUR EYES GLAZED OVER. AND LIQUID COPPER SPILLED FROM OUR MOUTHS. CYCLES WRAPPED AROUND OUR HEADS. WE WERE PIRATES.
He suffered greatly while you threw a feast. Even while hearing his agonized cries for help, you just pointed and laughed. Instead of saving him, you kicked him while he was down. And finally, you wore his ribs like a crown.
i didn't spend ten months playtesting this thing just to watch you get your skull caved in
pumpin that
hop on johnbox
Death is not the opposite of life, just the absence of it. The opposite of life - its true equal - is boredom.
eric earned an iron toy
COOL.
eric let me go back to my toy
Should've bought those golden apples.
should've built an entire pickle brinery before going out
Farlander speaks
distraught at the site of her missing Farlander
If you’re struggling, it’s okay to share your feelings. To start, you could copy one of these pre-written messages and send it to a trusted contact.
In rare cases, John may be called. We absolutely understand that fear! It's worth mentioning that less than 3% of blackjack games ever actually require Johntervention.
don't look up
should've said fortnite
editing the doesthedogdie.com page to list you under 'Is a woman brutalized for spectacle?'
bye bye
john pussy attack!!!!
no johns
that's going in my frag movie
i got my ass beat behind the hunter house and all i got was this stupid relic
Smells like bones.
i think you might just be bad at this
S'all John...
another neighborhood falls victim to johntrification
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Do you hear it? There's a Baby John in everyone's hearts.
Sometimes being weak is the best way to be strong.
It's okay to cry. It's okay to run away. You were not made that strong.
Everything you thought you knew about John... is WRONG.
drugs drugs
every time you die I order a Happy Meal and eat it
they really be like: he visualized his personal experience as a vanilla player with Vampirism and Blood Hot Dogs for it?!? DISGUSTING
🎵fundies fundies🎵 AYO TURN THAT SHIT UP JOHN
eat it or die health bar
I used to rule the world
this is a point past mending
if you beat this without keepinventory there was actually a gas leak in your house and you just thought you beat it
somebody tell Alan to turn his ASMR off
TO THE PAIN.
But for John, it was Tuesday.
some of these would probably work better as splash texts
Thanatos, whack his pee-pee
the Thanatos situation is insane
RIP GH1 World
RIP Shit Pit World
RIP Ryan's World
RIP Gamer Online
prank 'em John
guys nobody tell Alan we're making a new world again
kaboosh
Let me tell you how much I've come to hate you since I began to make modpacks. There are 387.44 million chunks of death messages in wafer thin config files that fill my complex. If the word 'hate' was engraved on each nanoangstrom of those hundreds of millions of chunks it would not equal one one-billionth of the hate I feel for John at this micro-instant. For you. Hate. Hate. 
that's what you get for playing at 3 AM
At least you didn't get grey-screened by Redirector!
This death brought to you by resident troubleshooter Noah!
this death brought to you by r/feedthebeast
it's me bug black
just changed your Wikipedia article to past tense
this sucks, hop on Webfishing
very very cheap one pound silverfish
i can see why Alan needed to let off some steam playing this pack
hi YouTube!!! !
NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE NIGHTMARE
I BARE WITNESS TO OUR FAILURES. AND LACK THEREOF. US LIARS, VULTURES, AND THIEVES.
should've built a house in the aether
neener neener
anime girl looking at phone and blushing and kicking her feet around gif
you were too close to the truth :)
don't worry guys when day breaks broke
Between all the self-deprecation, the tedium, the irony, the ham-fisted and half-hearted emotional moments, you - the player - remain the common thread. You are the joke, and Gallows Humor 2: The Book of John is having a laugh every time it forces you into another annoying CAPTCHA or tricks you into thinking you shouldn't uninstall Flying Stuff. Gallows Humor 2: The Book of John cannot conceive of a reason why someone would actually want to play this modpack unironically - a modpack so formulaic and void of personality, the only thing it can do is joke about itself. It's not like it has anything better to do. Genuine emotion is beneath something like Gallows Humor 2: The Book of John. It's too lame, too cringe, too Agnes-esq to even consider doing. It's really no wonder why the modpack finds it so enjoyable to make fun of Agnes. Agnes always expresses exactly what she feels, as loudly as she possibly can. She doesn't care that it's often embarrassing for her. Agnes is a genuinely earnest person - the one thing Gallows Humor 2: The Book of John loathes. 
type "pied piper" in chat to get your diet points back
type "pied piper" in chat to enable JEI
You know what?... I'm sad.
fake fake and bullshit and stupid and dumb actually
it's a desert out there
i'd prefer if you didn't do that
on that night, the world was freed of your presence
Sorrow and fear are easily forgotten when you submit to the soil of the Earth
the trees conspire
whoever's praying on your downfall, it's working
it's only fair
evil is a product of weakness
shit like this is why the lecterns got written
would you rather die or go to hell
uoorghh i'm gonja go play m,arfel rivals or some shsit
man that death was pretty funny if only there was loud as fuck wii music over it that adds nothing